chore: Add rust section to docs page, update links (#2908)
Quantinuum/hugr: hugr-py/docs/api-docs/index.rst

It provides a high-fidelity representation of operations, that facilitates
compilation and encodes runnable programs.

Python API v\ |hugr_py_version| reference
-----------------------------------------

The ``hugr`` python package provides a high-level API for constructing HUGRs from
basic operations, and for serializing and deserializing them.

It is intended to be used as a dependency for other high-level tools, but can
also be used directly for simple tasks.

For performance critical tasks, see the rust API reference.

API documentation
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. autosummary::
   :caption: Python API Reference
   :toctree: generated
   :template: autosummary/module.rst
   :recursive:

   hugr

Indices and tables
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

* :ref:`genindex`
* :ref:`modindex`
* :ref:`search`

External links
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. toctree::

   PyPI <https://pypi.org/project/hugr/>
   Github <https://github.com/quantinuum/hugr/tree/main/hugr-py>

Rust API v\ |hugr_rs_version| reference
---------------------------------------

The ``hugr`` rust crate provides a low-level API for efficient manipulation
of HUGRs.

Between other features, the library includes a builder interface, serialisation

> and deserialisation support, a pass framework, and lowerings to LLVM IR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Among other features, the library includes a builder interface, serialization
and deserialization support, a pass framework, and lowerings to LLVM IR.
```
